about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Schedule (2022 Fall)
description: >-
    Tentative schedule
---

# Tentative schedule
{:.no_toc}

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## Week1 (Aug 22)

- Schedule meeting time

## Week2 (Aug 29)

- Discuss which papers to read this semester

## Week3 (Sep 5)

- No meeting - Labor Day

## Week4 (Sep 12)

- Canceled due to CDC meeting

## Week5 (Sep 19)

- Presenter: Hankyu Jang

Li Y, He K, Bindel D, Hopcroft JE. Uncovering the small community structure in large networks: A local spectral approach. WWW 2015
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.07715.pdf)

## Week6 (Sep 26)

- Presenter: Prof. Bijaya Adhikari

Sambaturu P, Adhikari B, Prakash BA, Venkatramanan S, Vullikanti A. Designing effective and practical interventions to contain epidemics. In Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on Autonomous Agents and MultiAgent Systems 2020 May 5 (pp. 1187-1195).
[Paper link](https://faculty.cc.gatech.edu/~badityap/papers/tempvacc-aamas2020.pdf)

## Week7 (Oct 3)

- Presenter: Jeff Keithley

Herrera, J. L., Srinivasan, R., Brownstein, J. S., Galvani, A. P., & Meyers, L. A. (2016). Disease Surveillance on Complex Social Networks.
PLOS Computational Biology, 12(7), e1004928. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1004928
[Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1004928)

## Week8 (Oct 10)

- Presenter: Akash Choudhuri

Jha K, Zhang A. Continual knowledge infusion into pre-trained biomedical language models. Bioinformatics. 2022 Jan 15;38(2):494-502.
[Paper link](https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/38/2/494/6374496)

## Week9 (Oct 17)

- Presenter: Yongjian Zhong

Chen Q, Wang Y, Wang Y, Yang J, Lin Z. Optimization-induced graph implicit nonlinear diffusion. InInternational Conference on Machine Learning 2022 Jun 28 (pp. 3648-3661). PMLR.
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.14418)

## Week10 (Oct 24)

- Presenter: Weiyu Huang

Xu C, Moseley B. Learning-augmented algorithms for online steiner tree. InProceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 2022 Jun 28 (Vol. 36, No. 8, pp. 8744-8752).
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.05353?context=cs)

## Week11 (Oct 31)

- Presenter: Weiyu Huang (continued)

Xu C, Moseley B. Learning-augmented algorithms for online steiner tree. InProceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 2022 Jun 28 (Vol. 36, No. 8, pp. 8744-8752).
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.05353?context=cs)

## Week12 (Nov 7)

- Presenter: Xiang Liu

Y. Cheng, J. K. Yella and A. G. Jegga, "Triangle-Based Tripartite Graph Clustering," 2020 IEEE International Conference on Bioinformatics and Biomedicine (BIBM), 2020, pp. 1769-1776, doi: 10.1109/BIBM49941.2020.9313324
[Paper link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9313324)

## Week13 (Nov 14)

- Paper review discussion (SDM)

## Week14 (Nov 21)

- No meeting (Fall break)

## Week15 (Nov 28)

- Presenter: Lucas Zach-Ryan

## Week16 (Dec 5)

- TBD

## Week17 (Dec 12)

- No meeting (Final exam week)

Commit message:

add paper for week 15 presentation

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Schedule (2022 Fall)
description: >-
    Tentative schedule
---

# Tentative schedule
{:.no_toc}

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## Week1 (Aug 22)

- Schedule meeting time

## Week2 (Aug 29)

- Discuss which papers to read this semester

## Week3 (Sep 5)

- No meeting - Labor Day

## Week4 (Sep 12)

- Canceled due to CDC meeting

## Week5 (Sep 19)

- Presenter: Hankyu Jang

Li Y, He K, Bindel D, Hopcroft JE. Uncovering the small community structure in large networks: A local spectral approach. WWW 2015
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1509.07715.pdf)

## Week6 (Sep 26)

- Presenter: Prof. Bijaya Adhikari

Sambaturu P, Adhikari B, Prakash BA, Venkatramanan S, Vullikanti A. Designing effective and practical interventions to contain epidemics. In Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on Autonomous Agents and MultiAgent Systems 2020 May 5 (pp. 1187-1195).
[Paper link](https://faculty.cc.gatech.edu/~badityap/papers/tempvacc-aamas2020.pdf)

## Week7 (Oct 3)

- Presenter: Jeff Keithley

Herrera, J. L., Srinivasan, R., Brownstein, J. S., Galvani, A. P., & Meyers, L. A. (2016). Disease Surveillance on Complex Social Networks.
PLOS Computational Biology, 12(7), e1004928. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1004928
[Paper link](https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1004928)

## Week8 (Oct 10)

- Presenter: Akash Choudhuri

Jha K, Zhang A. Continual knowledge infusion into pre-trained biomedical language models. Bioinformatics. 2022 Jan 15;38(2):494-502.
[Paper link](https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/38/2/494/6374496)

## Week9 (Oct 17)

- Presenter: Yongjian Zhong

Chen Q, Wang Y, Wang Y, Yang J, Lin Z. Optimization-induced graph implicit nonlinear diffusion. InInternational Conference on Machine Learning 2022 Jun 28 (pp. 3648-3661). PMLR.
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.14418)

## Week10 (Oct 24)

- Presenter: Weiyu Huang

Xu C, Moseley B. Learning-augmented algorithms for online steiner tree. InProceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 2022 Jun 28 (Vol. 36, No. 8, pp. 8744-8752).
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.05353?context=cs)

## Week11 (Oct 31)

- Presenter: Weiyu Huang (continued)

Xu C, Moseley B. Learning-augmented algorithms for online steiner tree. InProceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 2022 Jun 28 (Vol. 36, No. 8, pp. 8744-8752).
[Paper link](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.05353?context=cs)

## Week12 (Nov 7)

- Presenter: Xiang Liu

Y. Cheng, J. K. Yella and A. G. Jegga, "Triangle-Based Tripartite Graph Clustering," 2020 IEEE International Conference on Bioinformatics and Biomedicine (BIBM), 2020, pp. 1769-1776, doi: 10.1109/BIBM49941.2020.9313324
[Paper link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9313324)

## Week13 (Nov 14)

- Paper review discussion (SDM)

## Week14 (Nov 21)

- No meeting (Fall break)

## Week15 (Nov 28)

- Presenter: Lucas Zach-Ryan

Kumar R, Purohit M, Svitkina Z. Improving online algorithms via ML predictions. InProceedings of the 32nd International Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2018 Dec 3 (pp. 9684-9693).
[Paper link](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/2018/file/73a427badebe0e32caa2e1fc7530b7f3-Paper.pdf)

## Week16 (Dec 5)

- TBD

## Week17 (Dec 12)

- No meeting (Final exam week)
